USWDS-Site - Changelog: Enhance range slider SR callouts [#5472] (#2310)
uswds/uswds-site: _components/range-slider/range-slider.md

Reviewer: Also, it looks like we do describe some native attributes in the initialization properties table in [date picker](https://designsystem.digital.gov/components/date-picker/#using-the-date-picker-component) and [time picker](https://designsystem.digital.gov/components/time-picker/). Since min/max are important attributes for the readout, I lean towards including them in the table.

Author: Added in [16a0ea7](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/2310/commits/16a0ea7739e49bfa25480dc73bca6931890624d9) ! I also removed the guidacne paragraph from above it in [9c5fbf3](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/2310/commits/9c5fbf38a42cba2e66e621c9eb486decd64905a4). 

Before change:
![image](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/f97ec07b-147c-4c79-8ca2-3751bc15eb4b)

After change:
![image](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/ad3bfcc6-c7b9-4fb3-b2e5-a40eca80866a)

Let me know what you think!

Reviewer: On second thought, I don't think min/max fit in the initialization properties table. I believe you can update them on the fly. I think it is best to remove them min/max from the table and restore the list item that was there previously. 

Apologies for the back and forth!

Author: I think that's fine, part of me feels like leaving them outside of the table feels like more of a requirement than optional. Since range sliders aren't always 0-100, I think it's important users update it appropriately.

Any opinions on the best option for the `data-text-unit` ?

Reviewer: I like "Empty by default" or "undefined by default"

Reviewer: For the min/max items, we could create a table called "properties" (in contrast to initialization properties) to better highlight the available attributes, but then I'd want to highlight all of the native attributes for the range inputs ("step", "value", etc). For now, I vote for leaving the min/max list item as is and we can come back to it later if we want.

Author: That works for me! Reverted in [75328a6](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/2310/commits/75328a66457f76a1160a8c521eb04825cf06cfb3)

maturity: alpha
id_custom: range
lead: A range slider allows users to choose an approximate number from a range.
implementation:
  initProps:
    - property: "`data-text-unit`"

>       description: "Adds a unit to screen reader callouts. The unit will be read after the current value."

Reviewer: Thinking it might be beneficial to add an example. Here's one possibility:
```suggestion
      description: 'Adds a unit to screen reader callouts. The unit will be read after the current value. For example, adding a value of "stars" enables a readout like "3.5 stars of 5".'
```

Author: Resolved in [16a0ea7](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/2310/commits/16a0ea7739e49bfa25480dc73bca6931890624d9)

>       default: "`null`"

Reviewer: Wondering if users might think it will read out "null", like "3.5 null of 5". We don't seem to use "null" as a value in our documentation. Suggest we either write the default as something like an empty value, or add a note in the description about what a default readout would be. 
```suggestion
      default: ""
```

Author: Leaving it empty almost looks _unintentional_  to me. I poked around and couldn't find any empty fields like this or alternative solutions. Here are a few screenshots I took while experimenting with other options. How do you feel about these?

![Screenshot 2023-11-01 at 3 45 16 PM](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/83c5b6cd-4aa2-4daa-95e9-f43b74d7a9f2)
![Screenshot 2023-11-01 at 3 45 29 PM](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/a3543a73-0a09-4ed6-96c6-2f1acc327cd9)
![Screenshot 2023-11-01 at 3 46 51 PM](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/4d61a163-7d59-4d9c-9446-8414ce33ac6e)
![Screenshot 2023-11-01 at 3 46 13 PM](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/assets/25211650/e33c154a-a28c-4ea1-83a9-9ee1a07f8ce1)

Reviewer: I like "Empty by default" or "undefined by default"

    - property: "`data-text-preposition`"

>       description: "Changes the preposition between current value and max value. If no value is present, it will default to of. When providing a range slider on pages in a language other than English, be sure to update as necessary."

Reviewer: Had a few suggestions: 
```suggestion
      description: 'Changes the preposition between current value and max value in screen reader readouts. For example, adding a value with the Spanish translation "de" enables a readout like "20 de 100". When adding a range slider to a non-English page, be sure to update the preposition as necessary.'
```

Author: Resolved in [16a0ea7](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/2310/commits/16a0ea7739e49bfa25480dc73bca6931890624d9)
